# NodeSense
A basic example of using a NodeJS backend to integrate with the Qlik Sense Server Mashup API.
NTOE: This solution is built to make configuration/distirbution simple and provide a foundation for understanding how to create such an environment. It is not designed as a basis for a production solution, however, you may wish to change some elements to make the solution more dynamic for your environment.

Pre-requisites:
- NodeJS
- Qlik Sense Server

Configuration:
- NodeJS
  1. The solution uses 2 additional node modules, express and qlik-auth. Install these by running npm install in the project         root.
  2. Open the index.html file in the 'public' folder and update the following links to reflect your environment
    - <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://<sense_server:port>/<virtual_proxy>/resources/autogenerated/qlikui.css">
    - <link rel="stylesheet" href="http://<sense_server:port>/<virtual_proxy>/resources/assets/client/client.css" media="all">
    - <script src="http://<sense_server:port>/<virtual_proxy>/resources/js/external/requirejs/require.js"></script>
  3. Open the senseconfig.json file in the 'public' folder and update the settings to reflect your environment
  4. Open the script.js file in the 'public' folder and update the following -
    - Line 10: You will need to add the GUID for an app here. 
    - Line 11: You will need to specify the ObjectId to render on the page.
    - NOTE: Refer to the following link if you are unsure on how to obtain these Ids
    - http://help.qlik.com/sense/en-us/developer/#../Subsystems/Workbench/Content/BuildingWebsites/HowTos/qswb_mup_obtainobjectid.htm?Highlight=single.html

- Qlik Sense Server
  1. Create a new Virtual proxy with a prefix of your choice (you'll need this prefix when configuring the NodeJS site.
  2. Populate the 'Authentication module redirect URI' with - http://<node_server>:3000/authenticate
    - Port 3000 is configured in the index.js file of the NodeJS site and can be changed if desired.
  3. Add the following 'Additional response header' - Access-Control-Allow-Origin:*
  4. Export the certificate, giving it the name of the NodeJS machine and copy it to the root of the NodeJS project.
    - NOTE: Refer to the following link for help on exporting certificates
    - http://help.qlik.com/sense/en-US/online/#../Subsystems/Qlik_Management_Console_help/Content/QMC_Resources_Certificates_Export.htm?Highlight=export
